Jenny’s Version Control Lesson 1 Reflections

1) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It was helpful because it pointed out any misspellings as well as any formatting differences.

2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

You won't have to rewrite any programming lines from previous versions.  Instead, you can just pull
them up from the revision history.

3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually committing to a change lends itself to logical commits, that happen when a logical change
occurs in your code.  Manually committing also runs the risk of forgetting to commit to a change.
With automatic saving, you do not have to remember to save different versions, but they don't
happen at any logical point.

4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Some version control systems allow saving multiple files in one commit because it is working with a
system, such as coding, that commonly utilizes multiple files that are related for one project.

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log will show what files were changed and how many changes were made.  Git diff
will show the actual lines for comparison, so that you can see the details of what changes
were made.

6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

You can make all kinds of changes, large and small, without worrying about not being able to revert
to a version where the program wasn't buggy.

7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I would like to try using it for different versions of the next project, the portfolio site.
